You have ability to do more than you could ever begin to imagine.
Family is not about blood , It's about who is willing to hold your hand when you need it most.
The truth may hurt for a little while but a lie hurts forever.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
Don't be a woman that needs a man .... Be a woman a man needs.
I wanna take all problems and unhappiness of your live so that you may always remain happy.

Anastasia
ID: 1697339 actress
Tatyana
ID: 1792919 Business owner
Irina
ID: 1730081



BEST LOOKING WOMEN CITIES

1. Kiev, Ukraine
2. Stockholm, Sweden
3. New York, U.S.
4. Buenos Aires, Argentina
5. Varna, Bulgaria
6. Moscow, Russia
7. Tel Aviv, Israel
8. Amsterdam, Holland
9. Seoul, South Korea
10. Montreal, Canada

"The more you love, the more rich you are, the more loving you become. And if the false idea of permanence is dropped, jealousy will drop automatically." 

Friendship is the highest form of love and sex is the lowest form of love.

Lust means how to use something for your happiness; love means your happiness is not at all concerned. Really, lust means how to get something out of it and love means how to give something. They are diametrically opposite. If you see a beautiful face and you feel love toward the face, the immediate feeling in your consciousness will be how to do something to make this face happy, how to do something to make this man or this woman happy. The concern is not with yourself, the concern is with the other.In love the other is important; in lust you are important. In lust you are thinking how to make the other your instrument; in love you are thinking how to become an instrument yourself. In lust you are going to sacrifice the other; in love you are going to sacrifice yourself. Love means giving; lust means getting. Love is a surrender; lust is an aggression.


If you're angry at a woman - give her a hug! If you miss the woman - call her! If you hate the woman - let her go! If you love a woman - take care of it!

Love is everything .It is the key to life ,and its influences are those that move the world

I received your letter on amolatina,But I am very sorry that I could not reply U.

This whole world is created by GOD.Love, peace & happiness is nature of GOD.Every soul is child of GOD, So every soul naturally ask for its mother GOD means (Love, peace & happiness)

AS each river could not stop unless, It meets ocean. Any soul could not stop search until it gets Love, peace & happiness.

Life is fast flowing away like a stream. The day that is once gone can never be recalled. So make the best use of your time. 
Do not sacrifice the infinite bliss of God for the sake of the ephemeral pleasures of the world.

God is omnipresent and at the same time omniscient.He takes note of your every thought.

Life is short and many things have to be done. So you must find out the best way of doing your work within as short a time as possible. Hence the need of holy company.

You lived your life
Have never thought before
That this is me whom till now
You had been looking for.

Don\92t believe me? Cut it out!
Write to me and find it out.


want to look in your eyes and whispered, "You're the most precious thing in my life."What will you answer to me?-
.Offer respect to all living being, but your love should be reserved for God alone.




7 wonders of the word- 1.TO see, 2.To hear,3.To feel,4.saying ,5.to think,6.To enjoy,7.To love
Never consider yourself to be alone..

Love Is At The Heart Of Spirituality

Love makes every space sacred & every moment meaningful. 



A smile is the gateway to the heart. It is also the best accessory without which any attire is incomplete. smile is for creating love and Friendship. Earn smiles and Love in Return .
Love without seeking anything in return. Do not bind or put conditions on people you love. Grow Individually as well as together. Find Love by giving it. Feed love to yourself. Repeat to yourself that you are the best creation of the almighty and you reflect the cosmic radiance.
Smile - the most inexpensive way to change your appearance. Never stop smiling, even when youre sad. 




I am searching for a friend who will brighten up my days and for whom I can be a friend too.
We are young in our hearts and as all people need love to bloom in our lives. 
I hope that you will find me as well as I will find you. 
I am here and you are the only one for me.

01. Where there is love,there can be no 
personal desire.Where there is 
personal desire, there can be no Love.

02. Everyone Loves others solely To satisfy their Self-Interest.

02.We cannot conceive of any higher enjoyment than that of love, but this word love has different meanings. It does not mean the ordinary selfish love of the world; it is blasphemy to call that love.
Men cannot love though they talk of it..The husband loves the wife; but when she becomes sick and loses her beauty, or becomes haggard, or makes a mistake, he ceases to care for her.
Men are ever running after wives and wealth and fame in this world; sometimes they are hit very hard on the head, and they find out what this world really is. No one in this world can really love anything but God. 

03. NO Matter How Old A Gir Friend Is,For Boy Friend She Will Always remain His cute little Baby.

04. Understanding love is a feeling and doesn\92t require words. Love is felt in the heart by making eye connection, being in someone\92s presence and through physical touch.


05. As light can never be overpowered by darkness, the person who has attained Bliss, can never be overcome by sorrow...


Alexandra
dear thiw

What is your real name.
What is your Skype ID 
Did you find your love.
Could you please give me google+ or facebook ID so I can chat freely.

In my opinion love is a feeling of happiness & peace.
Which always increases we get more & more happiness as time passes.
Sacrifice of personal benefit is love.
Women love is true, But mostly man loves with beauty of body.Love of flesh & bones is brute.They want to use women only for personal benefit & sensual pleasure.
Only GOD can provide you real Love.

Physical love is animalism. Love of the body or skin is passion. It is passion exalted and
refined. It is gross and sensual. Passion for the flesh or body is not pure or real love.
You do wicked deeds and kill your soul on account of this passion.

Just tell me frankly. There is cunningness, diplomacy, crookedness
and hypocrisy here. There is no element of sacrifice in this love.

Beauty is a product of the imagination. An ugly woman
appears very beautiful only in the eyes of her husband. Where is the beauty, my dear friends, in
the wrinkled skin of an old woman? Where is the beauty when your wife is bedridden? Where is
the beauty when your wife gets angry? Where is the beauty in the dead body of a woman? The
beauty in the face is a mere reflection. The real undecaying Beauty of beauties\97the fountain of
beauties\97can be found in the Atman only.

Nature bestows on woman her gift of special beauty, charm and elegance
in order that she may capture the hearts of men. Beauty is skin-deep only. It will soon fade, the
hair will become gray and the skin will soon be filled with wrinkles.


As I saw your profile You looked very kind & soft hearted lovely girl.Would you like to be my friend.

I am searching true girl friend, whom I can share my thoughts frankly 

This web is most expensive for me.
I am indian our currency is very low as compared to dollor.
I can do only free chats.
Your love is true.May GOD bless,& help U in finding your love.
My Blessings are always with U.

I appologise for not responding you in mail.
But your words are so heart touching.
I could not stop my soul from responding.GOD internally forced me to reply you.

I realised that woman are not simple human being You are divine & all the Godness power is within you.You are same as respectable as GOD.Your love is true.

01. women with higher IQ's have 
    a harder time in finding a mate.
    Intelligent women would rather remain single, than be with a wrong person.
    

1. I am fond of healthy life style. 
I enjoy nature.
I like spending time otdoors, as walking in the parks, 
swimming and sun bathing at the beaches, 
moon walking at the romantic shores, 
making barbeques with friends and family, world traveling. I am passionate reader and enjoying useful information. I like studying different cultures

2. ----------Blossoming Flower
http://www.yoga-age.c

3. What do you think about when you look at my picture?want to touch my body or want to have love with me?

4. My birthday is coming honey.Honey, my happiness depends on how excited you will treat me.
   .My birthday is coming, on 6th Feb, honey, will you give me a big kiss and love on bed soon? The day, the time, the...

5. As I think You are right the one woman with whom I would like to communicate so much. I want to talk with you about everything...

6.  I reread your profile again and again and cant stop thinking about you! I am very interested to get to know you...

7. Recently wrote you several letters, but did not have any answer.I wrote you these words from the heart and soul!...

8.  I am writing you this letter as I want to know you closer.Tell me about your life and your plans for future

9. Your face that totally attracted me from the very first instance that I saw it.

10. My heart is a great source. The great source of love. I love the world around me, I love the people around me. 

11. Do you like natural beauty? You are bored with women with a ton of makeup on their face? 

12. What is the most important in a woman to get happiness?

13. Feel the love
Anyone who's ever fallen head over heels or discovered an activity that makes them eager to jump out of bed in the morning knows that passion is a powerful drug. "It's the central motivation of all human activity,"  The ability to embrace life boosts self-esteem, fuels the immune system, and improves cardiovascular health. Passion in bed can be particularly beneficial: "Loving touches release hormones, including oxytocin, that reduce stress and anxiety,"

14. This body becomes lean, strong and healthy. Too much fat is reduced. There is lustre in the
face. Eyes sparkle like diamonds. The practitioner becomes very handsome. Voice becomes sweet
and melodious.

15.  Im worried about you. I hope everything is fine and you just did not have time to check mail.

16. I still hope get a reply from you. I am interested in you. So would you consider me as your possible life partner?

17. Today it is such a lovely day here. I want to share with you my thoughts. I am here to find my prince

18. I do worry now. I hope everything is good with you. You didnt answer to any my letter. And I dont know why.....	

19.  I feel so lucky and happy meet with you here!would you like to accept my gently tender kiss?

20. If someone would ask me what a beautiful life means, I would lean my head on your shoulder and hold you close to me.

21. You like a person is not necessarily because of his good looking,your whole world bright because of his smile for...

22. I want to hug your neck, want to huddle on the sofa with you, want to tear off your shirt buttons, want to feel your..

23.  I am very glad to write you this letter. I feel that you have the same values that I do. Is love on the first place for.

24.  I love to be spoiled but I also love to give a lot of love and care to my beloved man and also spoiling my man.i love...

25. The wish of every human is to feel love. Could you agree with me? When I say the word love, I can feel how nicely...

26. Nice to see you here) I wish i could talk to you in person. But we are far away from each other( It is good that we...

27. I think that we are two parts of one heart! Dont you think so? How do you spend your spare time ? I like to meet my...

28. How are you doing? How was your day? I am surprised why such handsome man is still not married. You were pleasant to..

29. I could kiss you a thousand times and still not be satisfied. My love for you is endless,

30. I believe in God and I also believe in pure love. The world is complex but my heart can be very clean. I want to find...

31. I love to travel a lot. But the travel though my heart is the mot adventurous and interesting. I have a wish to travel..

32. On this Valentine\92s Day, just like every day, all I have are misses and wishes for you. I hope I will be your Valentine...

33. I do have strong desire to you, my love, I am sure if we meet each other , we will stay in bed day and night, I want...

34. I just want to meet nice man. I am very honest and loving girl. You look very interesting and charming and really like..

35. I don't know if you reply me or not but I wanted to tell you that I felt something special, something inside which you.

36. I can\92t give up thinking about you! I read your profile and it inspired me! I become believing that soulmates..

37. No matter how far you are and no matter what you do, i always want you to know how much you mean to me, and how much...

38. Are you a sweet, gentle, kind girl. you love life. you know how to enjoy life. And you are cheerful person? What kind of...

39. Do you know what makes a woman a real one? Her character?Her appearance?Her intelligence?Her actions? What would you answer me.?

40. How is your day? Are you smiling now? Or maybe having a bad mood? I hope everything is well with you. 

41.  I wish you are the special one to me.Then there is nothing that I would not do for you. You mean a lot to me and I want..

42. so honor to meet you here. how you are being here,I ask God for an angel, and he gives me you! all the...

43. Honey, will I be your lover? How can I make myself your princess? Honey, I have fallen in love with you. I hope..

44. Have you realized the feeling I have for you honey, you are the  woman I ever imagine with and desire to be with me

45. Thanks for your nice message, I hope all going good with you my darling today all is good whit me ,tell me about you and if..

46. Feel sweet because you melt my heart. Please hug me tight and let me feel you are so passion. Feel your strong arms. I...

47. Feel sweet because you melt my heart. Please hug me tight and let me feel you are so passion. Feel your strong arms. I...

48. I can compare myself with the sea.I have sea love want to give to you.that means i have lots of love want to give to...

49. how have you been my dear?Have you found that i am looking at you?I want to put you in my heart a little by a..

50. I want everything of you!!! Especially your strong arm... hug me in your arms tightly ... please!!! And let me feel..

51.I want a warm and wet kiss from you when i reach you!!! I am imagine the first time I come home from work and you are..

52. I hope you read this letter, because I put all my heart into it. I saw your profile many times, and I think that...

53. I would like to find a person who will be my real soul mate, my friend, who will be sincere in relationship. In a person...

54. Probably when you open my profile, you think that I'm a child. I can do everything that you change your mind. So let...

55. I strive to create a strong family with the beloved man and I know that it is important to work together to enjoy the..

56. I do not know, it&#39;s fate or chance, but I saw you! Something shuddered inside me, and now I really want to know..

57. I have never seen an angel\85.but I find one. It is you. I am not a poet\85.but you made me a poet with your love. I..

60. I really like your profile. You seem like a very interesting person. I would like to meet someone like you. I am very...

61. I have a wonderful sense of humor and enjoy having a good laugh! You will never stop laugh and smiling with me.I can be...

62. I am staring at you right now. You are smiling that deceptive smile like yo You have so deep eyes. I actually fell...

63. I think you have a beautiful soul. I want to know you better, to be close, to trust you with my heart, soul and life. I...

64. Love  and compassion make life beautiful. And love is the language of nature.

65. Maybe I\92m dreamer because I\92m looking for real love here. I strongly believe it could happen one day. If you..

66. My dream is to find an honest and respectful man here. I want to give him my heart, my soul, my love. And what about...

67.what do you think of love and happiness ? I want you to share your happiness and sadness with me , as i will..

68. You enjoy my pure and beautiful pics? Do you think I look like an angel? Hehe~ But if you see me standing in..

69. I decide to write to you when I first saw you. I know you are the one whom I always looking for. Sincerely hope you...

70. Nothing is more important than precious love, do you think so?i am here here serious for a long relationship !!

71. When I saw your profile, I have understood, that you\92re the man, I was looking for! I imagine how we\92ll do happy each.

72. How are the things with you today? I want to believe, everything is good with you and you enjoy your life. Am..

73.  Relationship must be Developed together. Do you agree? Both must want the relationship and be attracted to each...

74. Time flies with terrible speed. Every year is getting worse. I would like to meet you as soon as possible and to find...

75. I would like to know you. How are you? Hope you are doing well. Im a nice, sweet lady who is eager to fall in love..

77. I would like to share from something deep inside me with you,I am asking for the opportunity to love you with all that.

78.  I would like to tell you what is deep inside my heart. It is not easy for me to say all that I want to say to you. It..

79. My heart is full of pure dreams and I want to find a man with the same dreams or even better as I have. I want family...

80. What is love? I think it is just I want to be with you for all my life. Just be together! We are lover and also soul.

81.  i am a very generous and loving woman.the most important in the world is family and lover.i open all doors.i carry..

82. I am a confident, real, honest lady in life. I am very faithful and nice to my good friends so I have lots of..

83. You know I cannot talk much. I don\92t know what to say and all I want you know is that my heart is open for love, for..

84. i dont know how far we are , but i know we can be close . our love will br strong day by day . i am sincere to you...

85. My love, I want to lie in bed, feeling your body against mine. I want you to rub my back until I fall asleep, to kiss..

86. I am glad you wrote me. Such passionate letter. I don&#39;t even have words to describe it. It&#39;s jut beautiful.

87. That is great to meet you here! I am so happy writing this note for you and you can see that I am really attracted..

88. I hope you read this letter attentively, because I put all my heart into it ;) . I saw your profile many times,...

89. you are a man, so why man like to touch and squeeze woman&#39;s boobs as kissing?? maybe you would tell me it is...

90. How are you today? Wish my letter will bring you smile and joy again. I hope your week is going well for you and you.

91. I feel the most right thing I did today is open your profile and read it with my sincere heart. I\92m so sure that you...

92. There is no controlling my heart.Loving you is something I just can not stop.It has yearned for you for a long time, I...

93. As I saw your profile You looked very kind & soft hearted lovely girl.Would you like to be my friend.

94. Thanks for God,i found you on here.Do you know how i wish i am in your arms now?and i want breathing for you.I want to..

95. I think i am special for you,because i will only love you if i decide you are the right man for me.I hope to find my...

100. Over the years,I have been searching for my ideal love, but no one touches me like you.I have been attached by you...

101. Sensitiveness is the word which describes my character. If someone needs help and I have an opportunity to do it then I..

102. your girl love you so much . can you feel that ?Yes again I am waiting for your touch ,kiss and taste . I am..

103. I want to tell you, you can always depend upon my love. It is alive and true, and grows stronger each day. I promise I..

104. baby, did you have a good dream last night? Hope you sleep well and have a good mood all day! I am very glad.

105. I keep writing to you just because I want to show you my sincerely heart and bring you some happy. I wish you...

106. My arms strentching out ready for you,it would be around your neck,back,entire body,i will talk to you kiss you first..

107. Putting your ear on my soft and hot breasts ... how is your feel? Feeling hot ? Could you feel my heart beating fast...

106. Everyone wants to be happy,Do you want to be happy with me.

108. What can I say about myself? I am a simple girl who is trying to go through life with a smile. My relatives and friends...

109. Really happy meet you here. I feel some special about you,are you my special man? How are you today...

110. Im looking for man to make him happy. Im sure that I can present to man happiness. I am a woman with positive..

111. Let me come to you in the real, you like ?I believe that my perfect figure is gifted by God for my sincerity. With the..

112. I feel very lonely and down today. I need to hear some happy things. do you have some happy things to share with me?..

113.  I want to fall in love again. Because i think falling in love with someone can be the happiest thing in the world.

115. I dont know how many people on this site but i know that seven billion people on earth and I am so lucky to meet you..

116. For every person of happiness is different, but why are all equally want to love and be loved. I am no exception.

117. There are no words to express the passion I feel in my heart,I feel so excited that our hearts come to dwell together,..

118. Your life is so rich and colorful, God is always love you, will give you more mission. I can feel your heart always.

119. how can i win your heart ?to be your sexy ,lovely woman.Life is the flower for which love is the honey.both of us..

121. You seem to be the one who I am looking for! I'm sure you would certainly bring new colors into my life! 

122. Every night before going to bed,i think about you more i want you more,i do not fear anything as you are beside me...

123. Meeting you here is the most amazing thing that ever happened in my life and I do not want to let it go.You will not...

124. You approach me differently and caught my eye. You caught my attention, I don\92t know why. You were so sweet, you made...

125. love is like a mirror: once broken, that ends it; Friendship is like earthenware: once broken, it can be mended. Every.

126. I feel happy mainly because of all the energy that comes from you; you are a source of good feelings.

127. How is your mood? Im curious to know how you spend your days and what brings a smile to your face. Maybe I can do.

128. Earlier I thought that we need to take care of friendship, good relations. But now I realized that we need to take care.

129. You are sweet man and I am sure that there are many women love you and want to catch your attention. I am happy that...

130. Have you ever dream of you and me lying in the tub with fill up with romantic bubble.. We are playing ... Laughing..

131. I am woman with beautiful eyes) I believe that the eye is the mirror of the soul! It is in the eyes I draw attention...

132. I consider myself as attractive woman) My main weapon - its my eyes! I think that eyes say more than words! What do..

133. My sofa is so empty without you sitting on,my bed is so cold without you to share with,the meals less delicious,i...

134. My love, all day long I look forward to the time we will spend together in the evening. I want to share each and every..

135. sweetheart. I am sunny person with light in my heart. I am full of love and I want to share it, to give it to.

136. Good day dear, I hope you are still interested in me, because I dont want to lose you. You are one of the most...

137. Im grown woman! I appreciate life) Every moment in this life must be lived with pleasure) And you appreciate life?.....

138. I do not know, whether we will be a nice couple. I do not know, what will happen tomorrow. But I know, that if you want..

139. How are you?I think the most important thing in the couple is when the hearts are beaten in the same rhythm. Do you..

140. Every moment we may spend together, will touch our lives and our souls forever, the things that we may share and...

141. You are miles away, but I am not away from you at all. You are in my heart every day, in my mind always. When we are..

142. I&#39;m so ready to hold you close. I&#39;m so ready to give you all my love and affection. Ok, listen: I want us to do..

143.  I think in your arms, I am in my safe heaven, with you holding me tight, I have no other craving, all I need, is that...

144.  I miss love! The love that penetrates into you, seeps into your veins and heart attack! I miss you butterflies in..

145. how are you my darling?How are you my sweetlove? I hope you like my new photo darling this is just for you My love, was..

146. Nice to meet you my future love, wish you have a good time. What are you looking for? Are you so happy every day? Do..

147. You are the most attractive man on this site in my eyes, the most desired and most loved one. It is hard to translate..

148. It&#39;s nice to meet you here. Do you believe in love at first sight? My heart beat fast when I read your profile. I.

149. I want to relive with you the best emotions my heart has ever experienced, because you are the sweetest thing that is..

150. Hows your day? I have a beautiful day today! Id like to split all the joyful moments of my life with a man like you...

151. I really had to write this letter today because I cant stop thinking about you, even if I try my hardest not to. Much..

152. You are seemed to be very interesting person. I feel it by my heart. ;) Can we start discovering each other

153. Being a woman is not that easy. You may think, what is so difficult? But the womans heart is the source of all love..

154. The warmth that I get you when you hug me, makes me believe you are the prince God has sent from above for me. 

155. Would you like to teach me?)))I\92m not experienced in this, and I really need you, VISHAL!))) Would you be my...

156. Stay precious for me,honey,hope you are having some fun,do u think you like me more than yesterday? i promise to..

157. If you ask me what makes me happy, I will tell you that first spring flowers, new nice friend, interesting movie, a..

158. Let me hug you from behind with my arms, and allow myself to surrender to your heart.What can I say or do to prove my..

159. I deeply believe that you are the one I have been looking for so long, I also want to stop searching and I feel certain..

160. Come what may my love and affection for you will remain unchanged. My love is a journey that starts with forever and..

161. Baby i had a dream last night : Im my dream u kiss my lips so warm and wet .You hug me in your strong arms .we feel...

162. How is your mood? I have good mood! I do not know the word sad! I love life and enjoy every moment of it! Do you..

163. I do believe that you are interested in me as I am interested in you and curious about your life. I believe so much in...

164. I am listening to a song full of emotion,It makes me think of you... How is the start of your day?Do you feel happy.

165. If I have given the chance to choose between you and heaven, I will choose you because paradise is where love is. The...

166. You approach me differently and caught my eye. You caught my attention, I don\92t know why. You are so sweet, you made...

167. the light comes into my room,laying in my bed,look at the light,i think of u .want to know are u happy today,did u...

168. When l see you the moment, my heart told me that you are my life waiting for. You gave me the courage and power, I.

169. I believe that we should live only in our present. Past has already gone. In such a way it will be easier for us to be...

170. sweet,which one will you choose in lover,wife and partner ?my idea of a perfect relationship between a man and a...

171. If you ask me what i want,what I want, is to bring you happiness, and to be happy with you.If you ask me what I seek, I...

172. Spring blooms in my heart.:) My soul filled with a beautiful melody.:) I want to share my cheerful mood with a man who..

173.  I believe that we can create paradise by our own hands. I wish to live surround by blessings of true love and friendship...

174. I believe you are someone who knows how to make the woman happy and satisfied. I hope you are the man who is...

175. I miss you so much and wish I could be there to hug and kiss you all day and all night long. It must be awesome if we..

176. I love the way you hold me in your arms when I am drifting asleep. I love the way you gently tuck my hair when you...

177. I just want to follow my heart,because the more I want to forget you and my heart cant be controlled.I want to find out...

178. A good laugh and a long sleep are the best cures in the doctor&#39;s book. So,the weekend is coming,just go out and...

179. Give me warmth and happiness in this restless world. I need your faithful and long love so much.:) My heart is waiting...

180. I am sure we can be a good couple. From my side I promise that I will do all my best to make you the happiest man on...

181. I shall take your sorrows and give you my joys. Do not ever leave me. You are dearer to me then my life, this much you...

182. If I were granted but one wish, it would be to spend an eternity with you. The perfect thought is us together forever....

183. I love you with deep soul and kind heart!Do you want a serious relationship here?if yes,then i am that serious girl you...

184. You know ,a woman&#39;s most beautiful and happy time is when she wearing a wedding dress. At that time her sweet...

185. lie in your arms,cuddle u tight ,feeling your body make me warm.,whisper in your ears.tell u ,i do want to be with u...

186. I am longing for a deep love,from body to heart,from outside to inside. I want strong love,I am full of passion,I...

191.  I want to smell your skin. you have good, strong hands, so i would like to let you know i am prepared for your strong...

192. The main thing in man - the feeling of responsibility. We are responsible for those whom we love and tame. And if...

193. cuddle each other,warmth in arms.simple life.looking at the sunset.listening music.inviting you dance with...

194. In the past ,i only wanted people to see the best of me Now ,i find that i do not mind your seeing my faults because...

195. Baby teach me to cook special dishes of your place,any food cooked by heart that are dilicious ones,we can eat enough..

196. For me friendship is the most important thing in my life, if you have a friend, you never feel alone, you always...

197. I identified you from a lot of men on the site, because in you I saw something special. You can ask me what I could...

200. It will happen my job is only to serve you from morning to night,i would do for your special demands while you please...

201. The sun rises in the east and sets in the west, but my love for you rises in my heart and sets after my death. I cannot...

202. I love the way you look at me, I love the wa you kiss, I love the way you have made my life fill with sudden bliss, I..

203. Did you know you are the sweetest and most delicious thing in the world, I like you more than any chocolate? I will..

204. I take you to be my best friend, my faithful partner, and my one true love. I promise to encourage you and inspire...

205. If you are able always to smile for life, life will always smile to you. I agree with these words) And you? You...

206. Are you the one for me, Vishal? ) I want to be the one who never makes you cry, The one who puts that sparkle in your eye. Can I...

207. You are my dreams, My heart, my soul, my everything!! I fell in love with you the day .i met you and at that moment I...

208. My parents always taught me that life is not about finding the right person, but creating the right relationship....

209. What person need to be happy? I think that it is enough to have a close loved one. No money, machines, no wealth is no...

210. Life is full of beauty. I notice it every day. I smell the rain, and feel the wind. So I am happy. But I miss the...

211. I dream to find my love here! And you? Love is born from the beating of two hearts, two souls of the songs. And it...

212. My life is full of bright colors but I am looking for a color of love. 

213. Many things can happen in life, but it doesn\92t matter what happened if you have your beloved and soul-mate by your side,...

214. Although love involves spending time together... But being away from each other it is possible to love even more.

215. Life is like set of multi-colored glass. If you put them together you get wonderful mosaic

216. I&#39;ve never believed that Internet can help me to find a nice friend as you are.

217. What you need to do to get some love? I think that to get love... It is necessary to fill yourself with love,

218. I am a girl with an open mind and a big heart. I am always ready to listen and give advice to my friends and the people.

219. Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength. But while loving someone deeply gives you courage.

220. There are only two times that I want to be with you. Now and Forever. i dreaming we have candle dinner and slow dancing

221. Nobody ever loved me until you ,Nobody ever knew me until you, Nobody ever touched me until you!

222. do you need someone to enjoy every moment of life together, enjoy facing new challenges every day?)

223. You are my every heartbeat and my every breath. I cannot believe such a guy like you exists!

224. You have no idea how much I would love to have you near, how much I would love to rest on your shoulder, listening to...

225. I never thought that I could ever love again but you came into my life . I have never been as in love with anyone..




Rajendra Kumar-49
Manisha-42
himanayancafey1@gmail.com
address- B-48 west yamuna nagar near- mangalam hospital
9818552694
time 7 am date 19/11/2015
599+cbc+esr+urine+bsf

110053
0. Smile is the best accessory/make up any/ a girl can wear
01.you're a great teacher
who helps us when we have doubts
you give cool lessons
in a happy atmosphere
which makes studying a pleasure
thanks 
 May every day of the new year glow with good cheer & happiness for U.

Wish the New Year brings you abundance of happiness and prosperity in the same way as your teachings have brought them in my life.

You have been like the candle that brings light by burning itself. Hope you will continue to spread the fire of knowledge and wisdom through your teachings in 2016.

1. May your sweetness spread in the air around you and make everything around you also sweet. I wish that smile on your face, that I love so much, last forever. Merry Christmas to the one I love!
2.  I wish that the New Year turns out to be a very special one for you filling each day with peak of health, abundance of happiness and sunshine, bountiful luxury and prosperity and Zen like serenity.

3.If you ever feel lonely, remember me. I am with You!

4.I am the sweet fragrance in the earth. I am the heat in the fire, the life in all living beings, and the austerity in the ascetics.

5.Health is wealth, Peace of mind is happiness, Yoga shows the way.
6.Lead a pious life. Life is meant for a higher
purpose. Life is meant for Self-realization.

7.I am the sweet fragrance in the earth. I am the heat in the fire, the life in all living beings, and the austerity in the ascetics.
8.Works do not bind Me, because I have no desire for the fruits of work.
9.Places are most Valuable in the World:
1: The NICEST Place is to be in
Someone\92s Thoughts.
&
2: The SAFEST Place is to be in
Someone\92s Prayers.

10. LOVE YOU MORE THAN DESIRE TO BE LOVED.
    SERVED MORE THAN YOU DESIRE TO BE SERVED
    GIVE OF YOURSELF MORE THAN YOU DEMAND FOR OTHERS.
11.Life is not a Sharp Knife to Cut all those Bad Memories. But Life is a Needle to Weave Golden Thread of Sweet Memories \85 Love your Life \85 Live your Life:-)\85 It\92s the only one you have\85. \85.ENJOY LIFE NOW.

12. Every day I come to school;
I spend a lot of time
Learning all the things you teach,
Which is the reason I'm
Sending you this Valentine;
It's meant to let you know
I'm happy you're my teacher
And I want to tell you so!
Happy Valentine's Day
To my favorite teacher!

13.i found
guidance,
friendship,
discipline
and love
everything, in one person.

And that person is you

14.We will always be thankful to yo\B5
For all the hard work and efforts
You have put in, for educating us.


15.Teacher is a person
who always helps everybody
to get the knowledge
and always stands beside the students
when they have problems.
Thanks for being my teacher.

16.Without you, we would have been lost.
Thank you teacher for guiding us, inspiring us.

17. The happiest woman is the woman, who is loved by man! The life is such, that we the man can not exist without a woman..


18. The mediocre teacher tells.
The good teacher explains.
The superior teacher demonstrates.
The great teacher inspires.

19.Teacher is a person
who always helps everybody
to get the knowledge
and
always stands beside the students
when they have problems.
Thanks for being my teacher.

20."Better Than A Thousand Days
Of Diligent Study Is One Day
With A Great Teacher..."

21. Teacher Is Lamp Of Nation.

Teacher Only One Person Who Serve Society In Real Manner.

Salute All Teachers Of Nation.

22. Behind every successful student
there is a Good Teacher

23. I may not say it always.
But, I mean it whenever I say it.
Thank You Teacher
For all the things you have done for me.

24. The Award for
the most wonderful teacher
has been declared
and
it goes to You.

24. Life is more strict than a teacher
A teacher teaches a lesson
and takes an exam.
.
.
.
.
But life takes an exam
and then teaches a lesson.

25.We are fortunate
we had a teacher
as wonderful
loving and caring
as You.

26. Very Good morning ,
                               I don't know how many people on this site but I know that seven billion people on earth and I am so lucky to meet you..

 Today is INTERNATIONAL  WOMEN'S  DAY .I wanna wish U on this precious day.
 
When the world was created, women were also created to beautify it. women have done their work perfectly for all the world is smiling for  today.
Today, remember that all life spring from women. Look at the world and smile that without women, life would have been impossible. Enjoy your day to the fullest.

27. Holi is the time to develop understanding and love for each other.
Here, is a platform for you all to renew your friendship and to express
heartiest love by scribbling a beautiful Holi message for loved ones.

Happy Holi Dear Teacher!

May God Gift You all the colours of life
colors of joy,colors of happiness,
colors of friendship,colors of love and
all other colors you have painted in OUR LIVES

28. Mother is a part of God.
Mother is a part of Love.
Mother is a part of our Strength.
Mother is a part of our Winning.
Mother is a part of who direct us to right path to proceed.
and ..and ..so on..
I Love my Mother very much....
Don't let ur Mother get away from u....
Happy Mother's Day..


29. I find it hard to express my gratitude for you support.






Coffee always tastes better if it is cooked with love for you, right?
Vishal you can find a place in my heart, so from this moment on we will never be apart
Would you like to talk with the girl of your dreams? I would be happy if you be my destiny.
i will steal your heart under moonlight.
If you could go on date with me, where would you take me? What would you tell me on first eyes contact?.
I am your little flower, you will take care of me?
You know, when I saw you I immediately wanted to live happily ever after!

do u wanna a angel into your world ?

I need you to light up my life,are you there for me?
love is a vine that grows into our hearts
i want you wrap me with your arms


What kind of relationship do you think we should be?
Would you like to see a movie in bed with me
What do you have secret desires?
I want you to be the whole world to me! my universe would be just for you!
People fall in love ... people kissing ... What can be more beautiful than the mutual love?
Let's cuddle til we close our eyes and dream of each other.
Can you show me the way to your heart?)
Person without love is like doll... Because love - is the strongest human feeling.
do you believe that real love last forever? what are you thinking about right now?
Excuse me.I'm looking for my sweetheart. Could you help me with my searches?
Love - the most powerful of all passions, because it simultaneously takes possession of head, heart and body.
Gentle girl like a delicate flower, which stretches to the sun. You are the sun?
Are you still alone?I can warm u by the warmth of my heart.


Your lips + my lips = Unforgettable
Come to my heart, fill in empty space there
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent
dear, do you think if I can conquer your heart?
I can read U from your eyes.
I wish U a great day dear.
The most beautiful word in the world is your name .do you know the name of my heart 

I would like to take shower with U
can i feel your touch.
I would like to join U in your bed room
It will be nice to get to know you.
I wanna grab your heart.
the best and most beautiful things in this world cannot be seen or
even heard, but must be felt with the heart .
 I just want to be upfront and say that I visually enjoy you.
what would you like to do if we were together now?
I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages ofthis world 


I believe we will have every sweet night and fall alseep late every night.
My life without you would lack meaning, lack sense. Without you I would be nothing.
kiss u across the screen
I fell in love with you at first glance. Sometimes I looked at you in distance. I felt that my heart is close to you .
would you like to do something special with me?
Come and turn my body into a firmament of kisses and caresses.
Do you want to know the sweet voice of this pretty woman?if you want to hear my voice.
I want to know the beach to enjoy and share with you.
Nothing is impossible to a willing mind,love included. 
kow i am a drop in the sea , but i am looking for a person who can treat me as his world . 
in the vast world, it is really difficult to meet an intimate man.but I am lucky because I meet u, will u be happy for me?
My goal is simple: I wanna find out if you and me are a match made in heaven! I will be honest with you:
when you talk to me,I will have strong heartbeat in my body.Am I falling love with you?
You make my heart pound so fast and I can not even catch my breath. You are all I think about. I have never had a love.

Your love-my medicine
With what can you compare your life? And love? I think that life - is flower and love - is nectar. 
Do u want to create something amazing with me?
You\92ll never find someone who will love you as much as I do.

I am the sweet nectar of the heavenly fruit.)
What would we do on the first date?? would you kiss me and dance with me? Something else?
I'm so lonely) I need the care and warmth you give me that?)
I can't taste my lips, could you do it me?
Will you come to me in a dream today?
Do you like to have a romantic dinner with candles?
I want to play with your hot body 

Happiness is when the desolated soul meets love, like now I meet you.
should your wife always look stunning wearing make up and beautiful clothes or you'll accept her natural beauty?
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
What is the difference between love and lust?
Listen to your heart! It will bring you to me!

I want to flavor every moment the details of your kisses and enjoy every moment at your side.


suck my juicy peach. babe
I want to be your strawberry you to eat me.
We may have language barrier to communicate with each other, but we have our body language and love language.
.i wanna kiss u all night.
what is your most sensative body part?
I want feel your body every night, your mere presence makes me happy, and for our eternal happiness will always fight.
Paradise is that you and I together! Come to love passionately!
Love makes the wildest spirit tame ,and the tamest spirit wild

My heart has forgotten how to beat for me, because it is busy beating for you
The most valuable thing that can make a man for his woman, to make her his beloved and unique...
where you like to be touched?
what you imagine when you look at me?

Vishal,do u like playing in water?? baby, close your eyes, can my sexy lips linger on your sexy and strong lips?
I may not be able to buy you a diamond but yours is my love that is more precious than that.
can't sleep just thinking about you and u??
When I'm in love, it's enough to be quietly sure that I feel good about my partner and that he feels good about me

Alex ID: 1789377 -
Maybe you want to talk about something more serious?
Tell me about your desires hmmm
Hello dear! Can I steal your precious time to talk?
dear I am just like a flower that want to flourish in your hand \85)))
Are you looking for somebody special? Let's talk)
Tell me what a man like you needs to be happy,
Hi! I have so much love and care in my heart and want to give it to you 
Tell me what a man like you needs to be happy, 
May I get to know you? I would like to find the one I love. Maybe you are the one. 
I can make your heart melt with my care and passion. Will you let me do it? 
Maybe you want to talk about something more serious?
My heart want to be close to you. I want to hear your voice, to see your eyes.
Would you like to spend your holidays with me ?
Hi VISHAL!What a great day outside!it's time for a great love, isn't it?
I wish to go through many miles and finally meet you! 
Would you like to spend your holidays with me ?
I do not know if we are destined to each other, but I guess it is worth to try to know each other..
What a great day outside!it's time for a great love, isn't it?
Can you imagine such a lady as I am spending together day and night?
Feeling of loneliness makes me feel empty inside, can you fill this emptiness with your love?
May I get to know you? I would like to find the one I love. Maybe you are the one for me.
I can make your heart melt with my care and passion. Will you let me do it?
I think l want to have a movie day with you, do you like movies? We could get a popcorn.
Imagine that you wake up with me, what will be your first word to me
Tell me about your desires..
What dreams did you have this night? 
What a great day outside!it's time for a great love, isn't it?
what are you exited about now?))
If you were to choose between me and your daily activities which one would you choose?
My heart want to be close to you. I want to hear your voice, to see your eyes.
I can make your heart melt with my care and passion. Will you let me do it?
Love is a beautiful thing, and it seems we both are ready for it.
I do not know if we are destined to each other, but I guess it is worth to try to know each other..
Who would you want with you if you were stranded on a deserted island?
My heart want to be close to you. I want to hear your voice, to see your eyes.
I am feeling very cold , does anyone had warm word for me 
Let's go somewhere together! Do you want to see my dance honey?
I can love deeply. I can give you wings. take a step, dear
I wish to go through many miles and finally meet you!
how do you think who should be the BOSS in the Family? 
can make your heart melt with my care and passion. Will you let me do it?
Let's go somewhere together! Do you want to see my dance honey?
Always wanted to meet with such a wonderful person like you
Love is a beautiful thing, and it seems we both are ready for it.
Imagine that you wake up with me, what will be your first word to me
 My heart want to be close to you.I want to hear your voice, to see your eyes.
dear I am just like a flower that want to flourish in your hand \85)))
Are you looking for somebody special? Let's talk)
Do you want to have a real woman in your life?
Do you want to take me away from here and make me your woman?
Will you pay little attention to interesting and pretty woman
My heart want to be close to you.I want to hear your voice, to see your eyes.
May I get to know you?I would like to find the one I love. Maybe you are the one for me.
you look like a man hard to forget once I meet you)) Just wanna check! Will you be my friend?
I can love deeply.I can give you wings.take a step, dear
I can make your heart melt with my care and passion. Will you let me do it?
 Do you want to take me away from here and make me your woman?
Be my sun! Are you ready to melt my heart?
My heart want to be close to you.I want to hear your voice, to see your eyes.
what is the sweetest thing you can give me???
I can love deeply. I can give you wings.take a step, dear
I want to do all I can for us in the way that we will make a small family.
How do you usually guess that a woman likes you? I should practice a bit
dear I am just like a flower that want to flourish in your hand \85))) 
I can make your heart melt with my care and passion. Will you let me do it?
Can you imagine such a lady as I am spending together day and night.
Do you want to take me away from here and make me your woman?
I want to do all I can for us in the way that we will make a small family.
I heard that love can not be more than seven years. Do you believe that?
 what is the sweetest thing you can give me???
can be your sweet kitten)))
 Hi Vishal!What a great day outside!it's time for a great love, isn't it?
Are you ready for our journey?
 Can you imagine such a lady as I am spending together day and night? 
Hi!I have so much love and care in my heart and want to give it to you
Be my sun! Are you ready to melt my heart?
I heard that love can not be more than seven years. Do you believe that?
 My heart want to be close to you.I want to hear your voice, to see your eyes.
you look like a man hard to forget once I meet you)) Just wanna check! Will you be my friend?
Tell me about your desires mmm
 I do not know if we are destined to each other, but I guess it is worth to try to know each other..
Would you like to be happy with me?
 What dreams did you have this night?
Would you like to be happy with me? 
How do U imagine our first Date.
              you look like a man hard to forget once I meet you)) Just wanna check! Will you be my friend?
               Do you want to spend your time with pleasure?
             would like to whisper sweet words in your ears every day and every night
           So who is your dream girl\85besides me, funny boy?
           What if we were born for each other? Let`s talk and check it?
            i would like to whisper sweet words in your ears every day and every night
        What pen did you use? Because I can&#39;t erase you from my mind 
       Be my sun! Are you ready to melt my heart?
       Would you take me into your hugs, Vishal?))
      Do you like kissing in public?
      SHello, Vishal! if you feel lonely and ready to share all your sweetest feeling, write to me..
      I want to be a good lover, and I want to be there for you. What can I do for you to be that woman?
      My heart melts when I think about you...
      What is your idea of a truly romantic evening?
      what you would like get as present?
      How you will please your woman?
      If you had to rank how attractive I am on a scale of 1 to 10 then how would you rank?
      My love for you keeps increasing every second
      Would you like to unravel me?
      If I could rearrange the alphabet,I'd put 'I' and 'U' together.
      Can I domesticate you?
      hello!I will be a sun in your life - just let me in!.
      do u dream about pure girl who is ready to give u love, care, tenderness and softness darling ? )
      Hello!)) Do you like surprises, dear?))
      I want to have a movie day with you, do you like movies? We could get a popcorn.
      Where is the most romantic place you would want to have date?
      Hi dear!))Let's make our dreams a reality!!!))      
      Tell me about your strangest dream?
       woman always need to have someone with whom she can be themselves.I want you to become this guy!
       I can make your heart beat faster.
       hi darling! would you be able to love such a woman like me?
      What is your favorite cuisine?I can cook anything for you)))
       What is the most embarrassing thing that has happened to you.
       What is the most embarrassing thing that has happened to you.
      I want to be completely yours.. completely in your power!!
      let's build real love.
      Do you need a person in your life who will show your all the powerful beauty of our world?
      I want to meet a man on whom I can count in any life situations.
       Distance is just a formality, because we still can be together, isn't it?
     My heart want to be close to you.I want to hear your voice, to see your eyes.
     Is there any way I can prove you I am that woman who you need?
    May I get to know you?I would like to find the one I love. Maybe you are the one for me.
     do u dream about pure girl who is ready to give u love, care, tenderness and softness darling ? )
     Imagine that you wake up with me, what will be your first word to me.
    Where is the most romantic place you would want to have date?
   Is there any way I can prove you I am that woman who you need?
    would you like to start a romance with me ? 
    Have you ever seen a waterfall?
    I want to meet a man on whom I can count in any life situations.
    Hi!I have so much love and care in my heart and want to give it to you
     i want to be completely yours.. completely in your power!! Oohhh
     I am sending you my radiant smile and hope that it could be a good start for our communication
      Can I make your heart beat faster?
      What will you do if i spill some juice on you...ooops!
     Always wanted to meet with such a wonderful person like you
      How would u like to spend this day? Can we spend it together?
     So what are you going to do if I am your girlfriend, dear Vishal?
      Always wanted to meet with such a wonderful person like you
       I will entice you into the whirlpool of love and you will never want to leave me.
      I can make your heart beat faster))
        How do you usually guess that a woman likes you?I should practice a bit.
     Will you pay little attention to interesting and pretty woman.              
      i have some secrets, do you want to know   them? 
      Hey You! Yes You! Write me and I will make your day better))
    Hi, Vishal! what is ur biggest wish baby? maybe ME?
    Tell me about your desires 
  we can get all we want in this life if we take enough efforts.
 So quietly come to your side, Even the most remote distance, my heart will be together with you
I will entice you into the whirlpool of love and you will never want to leave me.
my day will be wasted if I didn't talk to you)
I love two things, a rose and you. A rose for a short while, but you the rest of my life
how is your day going ?:))what about sharing it with me ?:)
honey, let's talk about our life together? 
want to get up one day in the future and say: look as the years have passed and still I still love you like yesterday ..
Does the sun Shine for me today in order to thinking about yesterday?I leave the past in the past and is open for the future!
If I could rearrange the alphabet,I would put 'U' and 'I' together.
I want to play naughty games with you, is that ok?
I hate every kilometer, every meter, every centimeter, every millimeter to stay away from you.
Do u want to create something amazing with me?
Do you believe that the most passionate and true love can start from friendship? 
The hardest thing I could ever do is to forget about you.
Would you like to enjoy the night sky with me?
would you like to warm me, your love and care?
love is the most wonderful that can be for me, and what do you think?
Answer me, please, only one question! Why did not I find you before?
If you are also surprised - write me back!
Missing love is like missing the biggest celebration in your life.



Let me love you...i need to get my heart back let me love you ....my soul will belong to you let me love you...
Love as expensive crystal, you with it be cautious! 

would you love to open your herat and let me in ?
my kind heart!;)) Could I become your life-breath?:)))

I think that love is the most beautiful feeling in the world..
Immature love says: I love you because I need you. Mature love says: I need you because I love you.
I just hope you love the warmth of your body remove the cold from my body.
is there any room left for me in ur heart !.
What is your idea for a perfect date with me?
Where there is love there is no deceit. Where there is deceit there is no love.


i feel so lonel and can you help me now?
You`re probably tired of reading hundreds of emails? because you need to not only read, but also to understand Woman,
 	This is a rainy night again. The best thing to do in a rainy night is to cuddle with the love and watch tv with pop.
 For me love is light, love is shining hearts, love is the best thing we can give to the outside world.
What is your idea of a truly romantic evening?

glad you still here, you know i am always so excited. i can feel my heart not mine , it is yours now .
I would like to spend a day with you. My head resting on your lap, dreaming about the beautiful things, in bliss.
Do you like romantic dinners? As about me so I am dreaming to have nice romantic dinners with my beloved. 

When the sun rises, I'll be there to share my warmth with you. I'll do my best to bring tenderness and comfort to your..
Person becomes mature at moment when he begins to love more than the need love in return.
If your heart was a prison,I would like to be sentenced for life.
Honey,I want to confess to you in love, and to say that the more beautiful you do not have anyone in the world
What do you know about women? Half of womens happiness is to know that there is man who is other half.
if it'sa Sunny day, you should know that I smile for you.
precious things are very few in this world.that is why there is only one you .i was enchanted to meet you.
Do you love traveling? I really do. But its not interesting to travel alone. Dont you think so? What do you think.
Combine inner peace with faith and you have a formula to face any situation. Realize that you are blessed, then all insecurities disappear.
I'm not looking for ideal,it's stupid.So it may take all life in search.I just listen to my heart).

I can tell just by the way you hold me that I mean so much to you; you make me feel so special when I am with you.
I don&#39;t care where you&#39;re from and what you do as long as you love me,
I hope that the charteristics that you seek the most in a future partner you will find in me.
Happiness is when there is someone to say good morning, good night...that's the main thing isn't it?

how is your day going ?:))what about sharing it with me ?:)
save me from loneliness.
Do you have dream? Of course you have, everyone has. But I want to know what your biggest dream is? I am not a wizard..
I\92m your slave for the night. Tell me what you want.
The most important thing in any relationship - the desire to be together. When people with their strengths are doubled!.
are you ready for real love with me?

In my dream you are mine, but in my life you are a dream.
Life is too short to live with regrets! So enjoy people, who treats you good. Forgive those who hurt you.
I need to share activities with my partner.I want him to get involved in my interests, and for me to get involved in his.I want us to do lots of things together
Would you like to go with me on date.
I think you are brilliant, Really. There&#39;s just a light that comes from you, I can feel it.
the most thing is that I fall in love with u in my life, the greatest wish is that u can company with me for a life. jaaj would u love to help me to realize?
wanna have a candlelight dinner with me?
Does way to man's heart lie through his stomach?:))

can i feel your lips massage.
You attract me out of thousands of men on this site ! You're just the man I've always wanted to see next to each..
Your face, your eyes, your hair and your whole self were all I wanted to see all the time.
A man and a woman have so many differences. But they have one thing in common - they need support, care and love
You are my soul and the reason I live.
Maybe today can happen a miracle between two lonely hearts...Let's che?k.
Do you like sweets? I am a very sweet candy. Do you like sweet candies?
Love is the most wonderful that can be for me, and what do you think?

I have a endless desire to kiss you.
I will knock on the doors of your heart.
my lips are cold because i can't kiss you.
you are ready to treat a woman like a queen in order to be loved?
Love is a great garden, it smells so wonderful and has a lot of flowers of it.
I want to grow old with you!would you like my this dream come true?I want to see your face in every kind of light.
i dreamooing of youu are the star in the heaven,how i wonder what you are !up above the woeld so high,like a diamond in the sky.
I can discuss with you any topic which interests you, if you write to me.
would you like to feel the warmth of my body?
Are you the ray of sunshine i am waiting for?? Are you a bottle of water for me in a desert??
I\92m no organ donor but I\92d be happy to give you my heart.
The most important in relations is to feel care and assurance, but not only passion.
I think women like flowers. If you take care of them they will give you joy and happiness.
Most beautifull thing in the world, is a beauty of pure soul.
Love is the most wonderful that can be for me, and what do you think?
sugar is sweet, but nothing compares to u .
I am sick,lovesickness,where are you?My love,I need you,do you know that only you can bring me the medicine .
I have never been whole enough to feel how wonderful life is until I found you.
Perfect people don't exist, but there is always one perfect for you.
i want to hear your heartbeating when i am in your arms.
I want to fly without wings,because of the dizziness of love!


Falling in love with you was only need a second, but leave you need a lifetime of courage! 
Every night in my dreams, i see you, i feel you. You are here in my heart and my heart will go on and on.
Even those who are far away can be next, if he is in your heart.
are you ready for real love with me? 
You are like the sun,I want to stay warm in your rays
You are like the sun,I want to stay warm in your rays
Look at my eyes, you will like it.
The stars tell me that we are destined for each other! I believe that together we can be happy.
Maybe today can happen a miracle between two lonely hearts...Let's che?k.
 I want to take a shower with you makes my body shake with excitement.
If you're a decent man,I'll give you the keys to my heart!
you want to write with me a love story about us?
I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
For me friendship is the most important thing in my life, if you have a friend, you never feel alone.
Every day without you is like a book without pages.
Every woman is a flower. We bloom for those who care about us. We dry and fade when we are abandoned. 
Are you ready for real love with me?

I want to go to sleep with you in your arms after making love with you and then wake up next to you in the morning.
You are the man of my dreams I like you so much baby
 A butterfly needs its wings, a polar bear needs cold weather and I need you!
 I, oh I, can't go a minute without your love


Can I borrow a kiss?I promise I'll give it back.
Would you like to cuddle with me?Can i snuggle with you?I would love to feel your arms wrap around me all night.
Though in bed,my thoughts go out to you.I want to love you because you make me look forward to tomorrow..
Would you like to Wake up in the morning and feel the touch of my lips?
Vishal, of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite one .
What special you ... your presence is a gift to the world, you are a unique and different person from all.
Look at my lips and your lips. They want to massage each other.
Wherever you go, whatever you do, I will be right here waiting for you. my heart is with you forever.
Where are you, my sweet and lonely valentine? Im counting days to finally find you and open my heart for your love!...

If one day we really met, i will use all the strength to hug you till lose all the strength.
When I look into your eyes I forget to remember all the pain I've caused me ... and unwillingly, I love again
I think I\92m the one you are looking for. 
Looking at you,I turn into a child who knows only one word \97 "WANT"!
I want my eyes to wake up with the light of your eyes!


IIDo you agree with such an expression that the best cure for all ills is a hug of a loved one.
No matter what happens in the outer world, a woman should be a goddess for her man! 
My man will need me because of the strength of my faith in him! Just like planets around the sun need its sunshine.
i wll be your battery! I will charge you with energy honey !
Wake me up with your warm kiss..
What do you prefer in the morning ? Coffee Tea ? Sweet kiss?
Hi VISHAL!It has long wanted to tell you that you are very handsome. I'm so cold and lonely this winter. I want you to be my husband, and we were always together. I dream every morning wake with you and give you a lot of hot kisses. I want to take care of you always. Imagine I am now standing in front of your door. What will you do? Have a nice day honey, I love you and I wait for our sweet 
If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life...
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was choice, but falling in love with you was completely out of  my  control.

We are made for each other. If you were born as a bee?? I would have born as a flower.
want to look in your eyes and whispered, "You're the most precious thing in my life."What will you answer to me?-
My mother says that my eyes like the ocean can absorb thousands of Titanic, but I need to be happy only your love!
I want to see the glow in your eyes when they meet me))
I want to make you fall in love with me I just want you to give me the opportunity
You are my life. You're the only thing that really would be painful to lose.
Hi honey, I would like to wake up next to you this morning and tell you how much I like you!
My mother says that my eyes like the ocean can absorb thousands of Titanic, but I need to be happy only your love!


There is nothing happier than to see you smile...
I hold the hope of you because I do not believe in goodbye because our love is not memory I keep the life of feeling you because we loved and we love because I was born to love you I keep the hope of your return I will wait for you.
Do you know for how long i been waiting to meet such man as you? Feel like we are both here for the same.
I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart....
I send unlimited ............ of kisses to u in my message.will u accept them?
The only thing we never get enough of is love; and the only thing we never give enough of is love. 
want to look in your eyes and whispered, "You're the most precious thing in my life."What will you answer to me?-


Hello my dear! This spring is made for two, do you already have a couple or I have some chances?
Man! You won me over!I can give myself to you?
It's very cold.. But in my soul spring and the birds sing ... It's you gave me.
Looking for one that will shut off my brain and turn on my heart...
Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says 'I need you because I love you...
Let's play a game I am your maiden and you're my Santa Claus?
Love can be measured not dividing you by kilometers or hours apart, but by the frequency of heart beats when you meet.
A day without sunshine is a day without you

My perfect man, for all my life I\92ve been waiting for you! I believe that I get closer to you each day! I believe that once angels will sing wonderful love songs from above for us! The whole world will celebrate or holiday of happiness and love! And there will be a feeling that we are so right for each other! Maybe we could live together for the rest of our lives\85 Is it what you\92re dreaming of, dear? 
I promise to love you, and even if obstacles would stand on our way, we will always find our way to each other .
My soul desires your love and caress, can we be together one day?
hi,dear!i need ur hear i need ur soul ....i was born to make u happy ......just give me a chance !!!!
If you have one wish that I can fulfill, what would it be? 
Are you still alone? I can warm u by the warmth of my heart.
I want to love boundless and courageous, that you kiss until the morning! From the mind to take it and keep your eyes off me!
Whenever I start to miss you,I remind myself how lucky I am to have someone so special to miss. Sending you lots of love.
We are made for each other. If you were born as a bee?? I would have born as a flower.
 poem1 - 
Hello VISHAL !!! Do you have any idea how much I will love you? I l will ove you so much that it's mean to be crazy from you. I crave your love very much, and will feel bad when you're not here beside me, as if a part of my body is missing. I will love you so much that every song I hear reminds me of you . You inspire me to be strong , to be beautiful, to go ahead for my dreams . You make all glisten, the song in my heart sing.

If loving you was against the law and kissing you was a crime, I will happily spend my life in prison
My heart wants beating for you!
Give me your sweet kiss honey I want to taste it again and again
Follow your sign, the door of my heart are open, you can come in WELCOME
My heart overflowed with love and it's all I need..


Hello, dear VISHAL! I think I could make you very happy. I\92d go through anything for you. Do you believe in love atfirst sight or should I write again?
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I\92ve been touched by an angel? 
Hello Vishal! Come live in my heart, and pay no rent 
Wow!What an interesting man is looking to me))May I know you better?
Hi honey!!! Do u need vitamins of love?
Hello ! I can fill your heart with love. are you ready to build serious relationship with me right now?
How so that u are there missing and i am here missing?

And I do not need anything else, just to know that I`m the reason for your happiness..
Love will fly through the open window, you open the window?
Sweetie, can I be your ice cream?
Dear, with me you will find faithful love and happiness, be sure!I will give you wings and never betray
Little kitten searching for love and tenderness.. Can you make me happy, dear?
Hello, dear VISHAL! How can I get you to notice that....I want you....My heart's on fire with desire 'cause....i need you ...There's no time for waiting, begging,I would tell you....So there's no doubt, I'll spell it, come give it to me....Give it....Come give your love to me..

Do you like sweet?Kiss me,dear.I promise I am more delicious than your favorite candies.

Hello Vishal! what do you dream about? Maybe I'll help your dream come true

I will come to you in a dream, a smile on your carotid artery. I'll beam love kissing under the moonlight! Barely audible lips touch in the midnight silence .
Hello Vishal! How can I cheer you up? My hugs and kisses will be enough for you?
Baby, I do not have enough air, I urgently need artificial respiration! Will you help me?))

There are no perfect people , but there's always one that's perfect for you.

We will love each other in the soul, not the body. That is what I need.
The best things in life are free: hugs, smiles, friends, kisses, family, sleep, love, laughter and good memories!


I don't have much to offer you but I promise, you can have the best of me.
I want to be your flower forever, do you want?
Do you treat others as you would like to be treated?
I can\92t taste my lips, could you do it for me?)))
I am like a golden fish which can make all the dreams of my man come true. Sounds interesting?

I am grateful to heaven because met such a wonderful person like you 
do you want to sink in my loving eyes and kisses?
Hi my dear, I'm so happy to see you today. Do you like me ? I write to you often, why do not you answer me? I want so much to tell you one big secret. Do you want to delight him? Kisses.
how long time I searched for you!! hope that finally I find you! 
Darling, do you believe in fairy tales? I want to be your little fairy and fulfill your wish!
I want to feel your kiss your touch honey when are you free to meet me?
If your heart is still free I would like to get the opportunity to see you or any way to get to know you better.

I would like to be the caretaker of the garden ... that you left
wish I could snuggle to you now and feel your heartbeat
Its so cold outside ) I need you to warm me up.
it would feel so good to be with you.
what are you thinking about right now? I dream about you..
You look sweet... I am attracted to you! Let's chat now?
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
I'm very lonely . I'm waiting for you.
i think in winter none suppose to be lonely.. and have someone to cuddle with:


you see my appearance, but you want to know my inner world?
Feeling of loneliness makes me feel empty inside, can you fill this emptiness with your love?
Can you save me from this loneliness, if You can, how will you  be do it?
Hello! I'd like to make your life happier! Do you agree?)
Can you give me a ticket into your life?
you here? This is very important for me!
long slow kiss... ;)I want to wake you with kisses ...)
Got tired? I have some ways for you to relax
What\92s the most beautiful place you\92ve visited?
what are you thinking about right now? I dream about you..
your heart is hungry?))can i feed it with my love?))
I\92m lost. Can you give me directions to your heart?
My heart wants to find someone similar ...Hope yours wishes the same .

I have a great desire to talk with you today))) How do you look at it?)
Sweet VISHAL! I can give you a lot more than you can imagine.
I would do anything for you, if you would love me with open heart and soul!
your heart is hungry?))can i feed it with my love?))
Such a great day, wish you would be here with me now!)))
What do you usually love to talk to men?
Instead of sending you msg like GN , missing you ,love you i just want -Can you plz smile for me once?
My heart is most beautiful because I kept you in my heart. do you like romance...
there is none other thing which can make you feel like kiss
I do not think much, I do not think often, but when I do think, I think of you.

If kisses were water, I'd give you the ocean. If hugs were leaves, I'd give you a forest. If love were space, I'd give you a galaxy. If friendship were life, I'd give you mine for free.
I want to feel your hands on my body.
you worth more than gold.

What\92s the nicest thing anyone has ever done for you? 
I bet you get tons of messages, you look amazing! 
I\92m a great cook. What kind of food do you like? 
If you could have any superpower, what would it be? 
Hi there, I\92m Shakti. It\92s really nice to meet you online!
Guess what I\92m wearing? The smile that you gave me!
You look like someone that I would like to meet! 
Hey, I'm really shy, could you start the conversation? ;) 
Hey, how are you? Feel like chatting to get to know each other? 
Sometimes I wonder why bad things happen to good people. For example, why have we never gone on a date? ;)
Nice pictures. I'd like to know more about you. :)
Hello, are you enjoying the summer? 
I don't know why, but your profile makes me smile.

Friendship is like a computer;
I \91enter\92 ur life,
\91save\92 u in my heart,
\91format\92 ur problems,
& never \91delete\92 u from my memory!
Would you like to be the part of my life?
Hello how are you ? do you chill out on the weekend?
would you like me to make your evening better?
Thinking of you now, right now!
What's the hardest part of a relationship for you
I hope you don't ignore me
Honey, what dessert do you associate with me?
Hello, I want to be your happiness!
why is it so hard to find someone who will caress about u?
Believe in your dream! She has a pleasant peculiarity - to come true!
what can make be your attention to me?
your warm is what I miss so much

I'm not looking for a prince, but any girl wants to find reliability and understanding in a man.
Dear VISHAL.
Are you ready for the perfect storm in your life??
I can promise you to be polite, gentle and carrying woman! I have a lot of love and tenderness to share with you:)) If you really want this in your life here I am for you, let me know and we will start something special)) I am waiting for your reactions...Jovana:)
Do you like to cook something exotic



Dear VISHAL.
PLEASE!! Just read my profile and watch my pictures. Who knows maybe I am your destiny?
I should not look for perfection in a mate as it is hardly a character trait I could say I have. I am a lovely, kind, tender, affectionate and sensible not really young man who is dreaming about love. I have a wonderful sense of humor.
I do not have a lot of friends but we love to gather together, take tea or juices and talk about our lives, books, movies etc. But I need one special to spend time with. Maybe that special person is you?! Let''''''''s check it!
Look forward your reply!
Kisses and Hugs,
Aliona






I am here to find a woman with serious intentions, young at heart with strong personality, responsible and confident woman who is able to love and respect his man, who can appreciate little things, who can convert a simple day into a holidayI would like to create strong relationship with such woman, relationship based on mutual understanding, true love and passionwhen our eyes and actions towards each other speak louder than wordsMy heart is open for a woman who I can trust, and who can trust me despite any life situations, despite any circumstances



Dear VISHAL.
I am a very romantic person.Are you attracted to romantics? Dont you dream about warmth, love and care? I do.May be you have found something in my eyes, or may be my smile touched string of your heart but I am glad that you decided to read some lines of mine.
I'd like to know more about you and I hope we can start our correspondence in order to get to know each other better if you find my personality interesting of course.
I am here to find my man, to share with him my happiness.Let`s create something, which we will not forget for the whole life!
Waiting for start our communication, with all my heart,
Irina.

Hi VIBHA.
One tree can start a forest; one smile can start a friendship. One touch can show your care; one woman can make life worth living for. Love is not about finding the right person, but creating the right relationship. It''s not about how much love you have in the beginning but how much love you build till the end, because love is all there is. I am looking for that special woman to rock my world in her arms. I hope your curiosity is piqued and you drop me a line for at least a talk and possibly for coffee. My ideal relationship is one where we both can feel trusting enough to open up our hearts to share hopes, dreams, fears and innermost thoughts. Are you ready to plan special little things to let me, your partner, know I am loved and bring a smile to my face?With warmth,


Hey vibha
I am active  boy  with a lot of desires to have in my nearest future! And one of the main my desire to build my own life with one good woman for ever... Are you exactly like that? Let's get acquainted then ;-)Let's give us a chance for relations!
